Okay, what are we making today?
Assalamu Alaikum. Today, we are making Spicy Baked
Chicken and we'll you how it's done.
Now, I'm getting my spices out.
I have all the spices here in this tray.
We have four tablespoon of Yogurt.
Whisk it!
Now I will add all these spices in the yogurt.
Now I will add Chill in the yogurt. One teaspoon of Chill.
One teaspoon of Curry Powder.
Half-Teaspoon of Turmeric
This is Ginger Powder. Half-Teaspoon of Ginger Powder.
Half-tsp of Garlic powder.
And Half-tsp of black pepper.
And 1 tsp of dried fenugreek leaves.
And half-tsp of gram masala-ground
Half-tsp of Salt
Green Coriander-cut
I'm mixing it and will marinate the chicken afterwards.
Now I will squeeze all the juice from half of a lemon.
Mix well and will marinate the chicken.
And will
set aside the chicken for an hour.
I have one pound of chicken. Chicken legs and thighs.
I will add Vinegar. So the smell of the chicken is reduced.
I left some of the fat so when its
cooked, chicken will be cruspy and not dry.
Put the masala on the chicken and marinate.
Massage the chicken. The masala should go in the cuts.
Set aside for an hour. After that I will put it in the oven.
You can hear my AC.
First I will add about one cup of water on the bottom tray.
That's because when the jucie goes down to the bottom tray from the grilling tray,
it will not burn the bottom tray and there will not be any smoke.
Now I will place the chicken on the grilling tray.